# README

Hyperscale is a project that leverages AWS Amplify, OpenAI GPT 3.5 Turbo, Amazon Textract and a suite of other AWS services to automate the extraction and analysis of information from uploaded documents. The purpose of this application is to simplify and make more efficient the process of extracting text, and to provide valuable and relevant information from the contents of documents.

The problem addressed by this project is the difficulty of quickly and accurately extracting and analyzing information from documents in various formats such as PDF files, scanned documents, or photographs with text. The manual process of reading and interpreting these documents can be laborious and time-consuming, which is why the development of an application that automates this task is necessary.

**Note**

Please be aware that some configurations were made directly through the AWS Console. This includes setting environment variables for certain functions and establishing S3 triggers.

This project served as the final project for my Bachelor's Degree. I've built this project from start to finish over the course of four days, the first two days were used to build the frontend, the other two days were used to build the backend. There is room for improvement in terms of code quality because I've dedicated very little time to the project.

The files related to the Lambda functions used to process various events generated by the app or the functions related to the document processing pipeline can be found at this path:

**amplify/backend/function**
